I’ll dance bhangDa on the beat,
you too dance the giddha dance,
come, let’s have such fun here,
that everyone goes crazy having fun..

mann kahe ki main le aaun
chaand aur taare saare
in haathon par main chaand rakhoon
is maang mein bhar doon taare

the heart says I’ll go and get
moon and all the stars,
I’ll keep moon there in these hands,
and fill the stars in your hair parting.

hello! hello! tu floor pe kab hai aayi
ye lo, ye lo, baDi solid masti chaayi
hello! hello! too much hai tumne lagaayi
ye lo, ye lo, control karo mere bhai

hello, hello, when did you come to the floor,
take this, take this, what a solid fun is going on here..
hello, hello, you have had (drunk) too much,
take this, take this, control my brother..

dhak-dhak dhak-dhak dhaDke ye dil
chhan chhan bole amritsari chooDiyaan
raat badi hai mastaani
koi dilbar jaani kar le gallan gooDiyaan

the heart beats, thump-thump,
and Amritsar’s bangles jingle,
the night is such a fun,
some beloved should talk sweetly (to me)..

chhanaa chhanaka tere tana dutanaka tere
chhanaa chhanaka tere tana dutanaka tera..
[doesn’t have a meaning, it’s more like singing some beats.]

main kabootar faseya ki hor koi
fase hi na haay fase hi na

I, a pigeon, am trapped,
but no other gets trapped..

ye baat na maine jaani
kyun itni khush hai diwaani
tu mujhko aisi kahaani samjha de, samjha de..

I have known this thing
why the crazy one is so happy,
you tell me such a story, such a story..

ye baat hai sabne chaahi
mile janmon ka humraahi
yahaan huaa hai kuch aisa hi
samjhe na samjhe na o ho..

every one has wanted this thing,
that we get a partner for all our lives (even if there are more than one lives)
here something like that has happened,
you have got it, right?

ab main jaana keh rahi ho kya fasaana ho ho.
pyaar karne se bhi mushqil hai nibhaana ho ho

now I have understood what story you have been telling,
it is tougher to maintain love on than falling in love..

hello! hello! don't mind mera ye kehna
ye lo, ye lo, zara mere touch mein rehna

hello hello, don’t mind when I say this,
take this, take this, be in touch..

